Students:
Main layout and choosing that you are a student: 
Don't want to right away dive into the question and have the timer start so to avoid giving these young kids anxiety will have a main button that says go (single big button centered) 
Will be of color green to know its like a start button once you select student and so the kid is prepared to start
Will then hide that button to display the main game page 
Can make the default be invisible

Story: I want to see the timer clearly so that I can pace myself accordingly.
For the timer (ESTIMATED TIME OF 1):
Will drop in a plain TextView widget in the top left corner
Text: 30s
Will add  10dp of padding all around and make the background color yellow as yellow is a color for caution or something to be aware of in human subconsciousness 
Want the timer to tick down every time a second goes by and show it
After timer fully counts down want to show final results on the screen of how the student did
Will want a play again button after the timer reaches 0 so the student isnt just stuck at a final score screen 
When someone hits play again the timer needs to be reset, the score needs to be set back to zero and new random questions need to be generated

Story: I want to see the number of questions I attempted correctly or incorrectly to have a better understanding of my performance. --- combine with (I want to see my final score so that I know what my current skill level is.)
Points system (ESTIMATED TIME OF 1):
In the top right corner will add a plain TextView widget for the number of points
Initially 0 out of 0 
Big enough text size to see it so about 30sp with all around padding of 10dp and a background of orange to not look ugly with the rest of the color scheme
Score only to increase when questions are answered correctly
So score will show the number of questions correct / total number of questions EX: 3 / 5 means 3 correct out of 5 total
Going to add a plain TextView in the button center of the page under the answer choices to show if the math problem was answered correct or incorrect!

Story: I want to see a clear description of the test, so that I am well prepared for it.
Description of the test (ESTIMATED TIME OF 3):
Plain TextView for the description of the test will be in the top center middle of the screen 
Textsize of 25sp with 15dp padding all around and a darker text color then the rest of the text to make it stand out more.
The numbers for the arithmetic will be randomly generated 
The actual arithmetic will be chosen based on the difficulty (Ex Choices of easy medium hard) Where easy is just addition, medium is addition and subtraction and hard will be a combination of addition subtraction multiplication and division
Need to not only generate random numbers but also to generate a new question each time a question is answered

Story: I want to be able to easily reach all four possible answers with my thumb so the UI does not hinder my score.
Answer Choices (ESTIMATED TIME OF 2):
Will use a gridLayout to display the 4 buttons with a top margin of about 20dp to seperate it from the timmer and score.
The buttons will be widgets that are going to be drapped into the grid to position them evenly 
Will be taking up most of the screen and large so can be reached with one thumb
Each button will have their own tag to be referenced from 0 to 3 and first button will be in position 0,0 (ex column 0 and row 0) of the grid
So second button would be tag 1 and column 1 with row 0, then 3rd button tag 2 col 0 row 1 and 4th button will be tag 3 col 1 row 1.
Text size will be the biggest of about 80dp with different colors for each of the answer boxes.
Will want the answer to appear in a random box out of the 4 boxes
After an answer is chosen will want to clearly see if its correct or incorrect right below the answer choices



Here are our stories:
Student:
I want to see the timer clearly so that I can pace myself accordingly.
I want to see a clear description of the test, so that I am well prepared for it.
I want to be able to easily reach all four possible answers with my thumb so the UI does not hinder my score.
I want to see the number of questions I attempted correctly or incorrectly to have a better understanding of my performance. --- combine with (I want to see my final score so that I know what my current skill level is.)
I want to see an insight to my final score that point out my
strengths and weaknesses, so I know what to improve. EX: need to improve subtraction skills if that's what the student got the most wrong.
Parent:
 I want to see my children’s history of scores, so that I can see their progress. For example by date --- combine with ( I want to see when my children took the test, so that I know when they actually studied. )
I want to see what specific topic my children are struggling with the most, so that I have an understanding of what they need help with.
Teacher
I want to be able to set the length of the timer, so I can change the amount of time students get to take the exam.
I want to be able to increase the difficulty, so that I can continuously improve the arithmetic skills of my students.
I want to see the individual score of each student.
I want to be able to add and remove students, so that I can build my class of students within the app. 
